We want our SCP:SL server to be an enjoyable place for everyone to play in, as such we have some rules. Here you can find the rules for the game server specifically. You can also find the general punishment for breaking these rules.

Mic Spam: Mic Spamming is defined as constantly making noise over the VC that can be found annoying, such as playing music or using soundbytes from other games. Staff can, Warn you, either by kicking you with the reason "Warning for Mic Spam" or something similar on those lines; displaying a message at the top of your screen; or banning you for a max of 1 hour.
Harrassment: Harrassment is defined as intentionally going out of your way to pester, or annoy users. This includes using slurs. Staff can ban you for 1 hour to 1 day depending on the severity.
Sabotage: Sabotage can be defined in multiple different ways, which is listed below, with their appropiate punishment times.
	Teaming: Teaming with other sides should be kept at a bare minimum. The only time this is premissible is if both sides has a common goal, such as MTF and Chaos Insurgency wanting to kill SCPs, but after that common goal is achieved they must turn on each other. Staff can ban you up to 1 day.
	Hindering: Hindering is defined as doing actions that can affect your teammates in a negative way. An example is closing doors on teammates when being chased by something that wants to kill you.* Staff can push you up to 1 day.
	Other: This catogory is used for any other actions that can be defined as Sabotage. This is left intentionally vague and to allow staff to punish players if it is deemed to be an act of sabotage
Trolling: Trolling is doing actions that are meant to annoy users, like closing every door behind them when there are multiple people around in a peace time situation, taking cards and making them inaccessable, and so on. Staff can punish you up to 1 day.
Teamkiilling: Teamkilling is the act of killing your teammates, there is a lot of catches to this so there a subcatogory for it.
	Accidental: Accidents happen all the time regarding team killing. This could be accidentally shooting a teammate when targeting someone else, like SCPs. This is unpushiable.
	Intentional: Intentional teamkilling is where you go out of your way to attack someone on your team. A sublist is provided to show the ban times.
		Teamkills over 1 life: You get kicked. Rejoin in 1 minute, This is automated, trigger: 3 kills/280 damage in 1 life*
		Teamkills in a round: You get banned for 1 day, This is automated, trigger: 6 kills/400 damage in 1 round*
		Teamkills in a spawnwave period: You get banned for 1 day, this is automated, trigger: 2 kills/180 damage in a 120 second window*
		Teamkills in a short amount of time: You get killed, this is automated, trigger: 2 kills/180 damage*
		Intentional Repeated Teamkilling: This is repeated, intentional teamkilling. This is a 3 day ban, manually issued by staff.
		Intentional Constant Mass Teamkilling: This is repeated, inentional teamkilling, after getting banned the first time. This is a 14 day ban, manually issued by staff.
Round Stalling: This is the action of intentionally stalling the round preventing it from ending. Staff can warn you by an on screen message saying you are stalling the round, afterwords they are allowed to ban you up to 1 hour.
Raiding: This is the action of intentionally having a group of players join the server with the express intention of breaking the server rules. If caught in a raid, you will be banned for 14 days regardless of the offense that was issued.
Cheating: This is the action of using external tools to achieve an unfair advantage that normal players do not have. Permament Ban
Exploiting: This is the action of using unintented behavior of the game to give yourself an advantage over other players. Staff can ask you to stop or ban you for any time they see fit depending on the severity.
English Only: This is a US East hosted server, and most of our staff are native English speakers. We want you to have a nice time but to ensure rule enforcement a standard of speaking is established.
If multiple rules are broken, the one with the longer ban time is prioritized.

* Denotes D Class on D Class, D Class on D Class is allowed as its prisoners doing prisoner things.
